---
title: Goals
prev_section: roles.html
next_section: development-process.html
---

h1. Goals and measuring progress

We use Objectives and Key Results (OKRs) to set goals and track our progress towards reaching them.

* Objectives are ambitious, qualitative, time-bound, and should feel somewhat uncomfortable
* Key Results are measurable and quantifiable; they should be easy to grade with a number (we use a 0 – 100% scale to grade each key result at the end of each quarter)
* OKRs are "public":https://drive.google.com/a/stylight.de/folderview?id=0B8kI3ttJEjJiVEtqZlVXSVVnbUU&usp=sharing; every permanent employee in the company can see what everyone else is working on (and how they did in the past)
* *The “sweet spot” for an OKR grade is 60% – 70%*; if someone consistently gets 100%, their OKRs aren’t ambitious enough. Low grades shouldn’t be punished; see them as data to help refine the next quarter’s OKRs.
* OKRs are *not used for employee evaluation*. They are a communication tool that helps us arrive at a common understanding and alignment towards a goal.
* OKRs exist to set *clear priorities* and to *focus* the organization. In order to do that, we use few OKRs. Each individual or department should have no more than 5 objectives and no more than 5 key results per objective. A good number seems to be 2-3 objectives with about 3 key results each. Less is more here.

Read "this":http://www.gv.com/lib/how-google-sets-goals-objectives-and-key-results-okrs and "this":http://bit.ly/okrs-explained, if you want to know more about OKRs.

We use OKRs quarterly on two levels. There are department and individual OKRs.

The *department OKRs* are defined collaboratively by its members which helps us arrive at a common understanding and align our efforts. Every department reports their progress during the Team Weekly.

Your *individual OKRs* are used to keep track of your personal development and are defined by yourself with the help of your People Manager. These are not used to determine promotions. They are for you to plan your personal development and to keep an eye on what you’ve accomplished.